{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red51\green51\blue51;\red153\green153\blue153;\red85\green85\blue85;\red255\green255\blue255;}

\f0\fs24\cf1

{\fs20\cf2\caps APRIL EXECUTIVE DEMO OFFER}
\par\pard\sl240\slmult1

\par
{\fs56\b Porsche Macan\line Executive Demos}
\par\pard\sl240\slmult1

\par
{\fs32\b As low as $59,900}
\par
{\fs30 Leases from {\b $699/month} with $10,000 down}
\par
{\fs26\i Includes Welcome to Porsche Credit}
\par\pard\sl240\slmult1

\par
{\fs22 SHOP MACAN DEMOS: https://harris.porsche.com/en/inventory/porsche/search?condition=used&modelSeries=macan&orderBy=price_asc}
\par\pard\sl240\slmult1

\par
{\fs22\i\cf3 Executive demo models. Lease: 39 months, $10,000 due at signing. Includes Welcome to Porsche Credit. See dealer for details.}
\par\pard\sl240\slmult1

\par\pard\sl240\slmult1
\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 {\fs4 \par}
\par\pard\sl240\slmult1

\par
{\fs22\cf2\caps Executive Demo}
\par
{\fs40\b Porsche Macan EV}
\par
{\fs32\b As low as $73,900}
\par
{\fs24 The all-electric Macan \emdash  performance without compromise. Executive demo pricing available now.}
\par\pard\sl240\slmult1

\par
{\fs22 SHOP MACAN EV: https://harris.porsche.com/en/inventory/porsche/search?condition=used&modelSeries=macan&orderBy=price_asc}
\par\pard\sl240\slmult1

\par\pard\sl240\slmult1
\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 {\fs4 \par}
\par\pard\sl240\slmult1

\par
{\fs22\cf2\caps Now In Stock}
\par
{\fs40\b Macan EV GTS}
\par
{\fs32\b Lease $1,699/mo}
\par
{\fs24\i\cf3 39 months, $10,000 due at signing. Includes Welcome to Porsche Credit.}
\par
{\fs24 The most powerful electric Macan. Performance-tuned and ready now.}
\par\pard\sl240\slmult1

\par
{\fs22 SHOP MACAN GTS: https://harris.porsche.com/en/inventory/porsche/search?condition=new&modelSeries=macan&orderBy=price_asc&category=macan-gts-electric}
\par\pard\sl240\slmult1

\par\pard\sl240\slmult1
\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 {\fs4 \par}
\par\pard\sl240\slmult1

\par
{\fs22\cf2\caps Lease Special}
\par
{\fs40\b Porsche Panamera}
\par
{\fs32\b Lease $1,599/mo}
\par
{\fs24\i\cf3 39 months, $10,000 due at signing. Includes Welcome to Porsche Credit.}
\par
{\fs24 The executive sport sedan redefined. Power, elegance, and presence \emdash  with one of Porsche\rquote s strongest lease offers this year.}
\par\pard\sl240\slmult1

\par
{\fs22 SHOP PANAMERA: https://harris.porsche.com/en/inventory/porsche/search?condition=new&modelSeries=panamera&orderBy=price_asc}
\par\pard\sl240\slmult1

\par\pard\sl240\slmult1
\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 {\fs4 \par}
\par\pard\sl240\slmult1

\par
{\fs22\cf2\caps Now In Stock}
\par
{\fs40\b Taycan Black Edition}
\par
{\fs32\b Lease $1,699/mo}
\par
{\fs24\i\cf3 39 months, $10,000 due at signing. Includes Welcome to Porsche Credit.}
\par
{\fs24 Exclusive Black Edition styling. The Taycan at its most dramatic. Now in stock and ready to drive.}
\par\pard\sl240\slmult1

\par
{\fs22 SHOP TAYCAN: https://harris.porsche.com/en/inventory/porsche/search?condition=new&modelSeries=taycan&orderBy=price_asc}
\par\pard\sl240\slmult1

\par\pard\sl240\slmult1
\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 {\fs4 \par}
\par\pard\sl240\slmult1

\par
{\fs22 VIEW ALL APRIL OFFERS: https://harris.porsche.com/en/specials/new}
\par\pard\sl240\slmult1

\par
{\fs32 Thank you for being a valued member of the Harris Porsche family. Our team is here to help you experience the thrill of Porsche ownership.}
\par\pard\sl240\slmult1

\par
{\fs32\b Experience the Harris Family Difference.}
\par\pard\sl240\slmult1

}
